[Music]
in our everyday life we're usually doing
things and seemingly the easiest and
most rational way yet we face the same
problems repeatedly because there's no
way to bounce back from not getting
enough sleep task management doesn't
seem to work at all and how in the world
could you make a papercut less painful
check this out
number one it's hard to fall asleep
begin after going to the bathroom at
night want to know why well it's because
you switched on the lights to see what
you're doing our brain is trained to
think that the light naturally means
morning even though you've only slept
for a couple of hours your body will
think it's time to wake up the
prediction of the sleep hormone
melatonin can actually be suppressed by
exposure to light the solution is easy
you need to close one eye on your way to
the toilet and back this doesn't allow
as much light in drinking your brain
into thinking it's not that bright yet
and you can keep sleeping or simply have
a dim nightlight already in the bathroom
number two stumbling on things in the
dark if you decide to fix this hole
light means morning issue radically or
there's simply no way to conveniently
turn the lights on you're probably going
to stumble on something loud noises also
don't help anyone get a good night's
sleep so the best you can do to save
yourself is to move your eyes rapidly in
the dark we're naturally prone to see
moving objects clearly so it's much
easier to see in the dark while you move
your sight from one thing to another of
course the obvious answer would be to
remove the stuff on the floor before
bedtime so you don't trip on it later
but that might be asking too much number
three
losing weight in your sleep sometimes
it's hard to make time for exercise in a
day or it just feel too tired after a
long day of studying or working to lift
weights this isn't that big of a problem
you have nothing to blame yourself for a
good diet and healthy sleep will make up
for it with a little X
on top our metabolism keeps working when
we sleep on average you'll burn around
500 calories overnight if you get eight
hours of sleep which is the recommended
time anyways you can boost this process
by drinking a glass of water right
before going to bed this way
you'll also wake up feeling light and
fresh and needing to go to the bathroom
but be careful not to over sleep or eat
before that it could reverse the effect
and if that's not enough for you you
might want to try lowering the
temperature in your bedroom or get rid
of warm pajamas we lose more calories
when we sleep in comfortably cool
surroundings number four you can cheer
yourself up at any time forcefully this
one may sound really strange but have
you ever tried to force a smile for a
couple of hours straight you laugh
it really helps try to do this on a
particularly bad day and in the evening
you'll see that it eventually became
effortless and you've been smiling the
rest of the day without even noticing
your brain will naturally connect the
smile with happiness and good thoughts
and you'll keep this attitude for the
rest of the day five wanna sort things
out spend a day just making yourself
attractive I too sometimes feel like I
can't catch up with a list of stuff I
need to do in my life these days you
feel like the least important thing in
the world is how you look but seriously
all you might be missing from time to
time is just a little bit of
self-confidence and appreciation believe
me you can deal with everything else if
you devote just one day on taking care
of your looks combine it with some
reasonable shopping which is a good
means of stress release then take a warm
bath with aroma oils get all dressed up
and you'll instantly feel capable of
anything
6 forget about task management apps they
don't work as well as you think they do
there's always at least one notification
that catches you off-guard when you
already plan to do something else with
your day the best thing to do is
actually take a notebook and pencil and
write down what you're planning to
in the next few days the tactile
sensation of writing something down
provokes you to think about it
positively and creatively to make this
process comforting by writing at the end
of the day when you can relax and give
your plan some thought and if you really
want to make sure it gets done put it in
your calendar where only the most
important stuff should go 7:00 wake up
and write again no coffee no breakfast
don't even rush to the bathroom
everything else must wait instead as
soon as you get up sit at your desk and
write on a blank sheet of paper write
anything that comes to your mind about
your worries your hopes your dreams
about your wishes for how good this day
can be and what obstacles might come up
then hide the note from yourself because
it's recommended that you not reread
what you've written this will help to
block the part of your consciousness
that wants to criticize you the rest of
the day it'll be much easier to listen
to your inner thoughts and to follow
your feelings about things as it becomes
your habit to write in the morning
you'll notice how easy it is to be
yourself
number eight argue with the textbooks
and manuals you need to study it may
seem like the best way to learn
something is to cram with your textbook
until your head feels overwhelmed but
that's not always the case it's like a
car that can't catch traction on the
road there's nothing for your brain in
the way of relating to all the
information you consume to help try to
guess the upcoming information
beforehand take a topic about some law
of physics for example guess the
explanation of this law and then start
to argue with the article in the book
that gives the correct explanation if
you guess right the better for you
because learning it will feel like
positive stimulation in itself if you're
wrong then the information will still
have much more meaning for you and
therefore will be easier to remember
number 9 if you're going to have a test
tomorrow have a good laugh
first of all on the most basic level you
want to avoid stressing out and
forgetting everything right as the test
is handed to you that happened too many
times in my life and I would have been
happy to know that it's just because I
wasn't laughing enough this works
similarly to the previous mind trick our
brains need to build strong relations
with what we want to remember and
nothing helps more than something that
gives them positive emotions no matter
how good a person is at holding a grudge
it's just in the nature of our mind that
we tend to recall good things much
faster and in better detail it works
just as well for short-term memory just
find something to laugh about the next
time you try to remember something
important and you'll remember it for
good number 10 don't be afraid of being
too nosy if you want to win people over
it goes without saying even if we find
some person a bit irritating it's more
probable that we'll remember them for a
longer time and since our memory crosses
out negative emotions and keeps positive
it's also more probable that we'll
remember something good about this
person so the next time you think to
yourself that it's best to behave and be
humble when you're surrounded by people
try not to miss a moment when you can
really shine bright eleven hot tea will
help you to get through a hot day the
same goes for an ice cream if you feel
cold the trick is in our body it'll
produce much more heat if you eat an ice
cream during a cold winter day which
will in turn warm you up but don't
overuse this trick just one cone once in
a while would be fine
eat too much and the heat of your body
may work against you nobody wants you to
catch a call a cup of hot tea on a
summer afternoon will deal with thirst
much better than a glass of water and it
will help you release heat from your
body and feel better twelve unexpected
medicine flipping through a book may be
dangerous we all know that some people
even say that nothing hurts worse than a
paper cut these people don't get out
much or at least haven't been to a high
peddle but anyway there's a medicine for
those paper cuts
and it's chapstick just put it over the
cut and feel the pain disappear and it's
good for your lips to another sore that
can catch you off-guard is a burned
tongue there's seemingly no way to get
rid of the burning sensation add to that
the fact that the tongue is the most
mobile part of your body and you'll get
why can easily ruin your day but if you
burned your tongue just put a bit of
sugar on the burn and the pain will go
away easy as that how about you kiddo
what strange tricks do you use in your
everyday life let me know down in the
comments if you learned something new
today then give this video a like and
share it with a friend remember stay on
the bright side of life